Let's have a look at how Faust can be used to create
an infinite series of ordered immutable events,
otherwise known as a stream.
Creating streams with Faust,
is as simple as defining a Faust topic in an app agent decorated processing function.
An example on the screen,
we can see that we first create a subscription to a topic,
then we define an a-sync function called process which is
decorated with an app agent subscribed to our source topic.
Within the function, we have
an infinite a-sync iterable which receives data from the stream as it's produced.
The stream is the argument provided to our agent processing function.
Once we have the message,
we can transform it,
print it or do any type of processing that we're interested in.
Parsing data to a data stream is as simple as declaring another topic.
Once we have our topic instance,
we can simply call SEND on the topic as you saw in the previous demonstration,
with an optional key and a value.